Angelina Calbert: Just close by.
Angelina Calbert: Now, I don't mind the 530 thing is rough. She was not mad at me. She, she understood, but like the lady sick that went home today that usually opens and they need me to go in tomorrow.
Angelina Calbert: At 530 again. So I gotta just I'm thinking of going and seeing if somebody has an alarm. I can bar because not believe in it up.
Angelina Calbert: No, I don't have anybody phone numbers, anything that is frustrating. I don't know what I'm going to do about my phone because I can't do anything till the 13th because I there's nothing I can do. I don't get paid until the 13th so
Angelina Calbert: But it feels good to work. It really does. It's just a lot of stress. Paul and I are talking just talking
Angelina Calbert: I because I had offered to take him some groceries, because I felt bad and I offered to take him because Michaela has been working to and so she had extra money. So we left her $15 at him and $15 at his sister at home. It's not much, but it's something you know
Angelina Calbert: And then we started talking and I even told him, you know, you don't have to work. Why don't you just come out here.
Angelina Calbert: You know, you don't have to work, but he was kind of like I would like that he was ready to come home and I
Angelina Calbert: Was like, well, it's just give it this week. You know what I mean. Cuz I said I have gas me I can come get you. We were going to go into town to shower and get water and go get him.
Angelina Calbert: And then he's like well last night he tells me, oh no, I got a job to this is how it is out here. This is I'm going to tell you. So I go this robust and he was my daughter's best friend.
Angelina Calbert: Or her mom's dying of cancer. She's completely give her a month. So she's up there. So we went up there last night, and she was one of the moms.
Angelina Calbert: This is how she is. She literally called see why fit into their dead bodies on their property and that the
Angelina Calbert: grandfather was molesting the grandchildren. That's how crazy. She is so we go up there last night, and she tells me, oh yeah, I was freezing one day and why already and I saw Paul, he was all messed up.
Angelina Calbert: And I was like, yeah, she was. Yeah, I was freezing and he had his last $40 and we got a hotel room together. But we didn't do nothing.
Angelina Calbert: That's how people are out here like I just like you're lucky, you're sick, like, you know what I mean, like,
Angelina Calbert: So then Paul I my phone fell on the twit so I couldn't call him last night, I had to call him up a different phone
Angelina Calbert: And he's like, No, I just thought you were mad at me and you are going to talk to me because you heard Mark rumors and shit. And it's weird. He said that before I even said anything. Do you know what I mean.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So what do you believe
Angelina Calbert: I believe Paul, I can't see him doing that just oh here. Let's go get a hotel room for you at my last $40
Angelina Calbert: I can understand Paul like been giving her money to go get a room but sleeping that I couldn't see him doing that. And unless
Angelina Calbert: He was really out there that I just don't know about like he was I can't see him even roaming the streets of Moriarity. You know what I mean, that's just not all
Angelina Calbert: Unless he was really, really frickin drunk out of his mind and doesn't remember. You know what I mean that bad, but I
Angelina Calbert: Mean, she called See ya de she I mean she on her own family members. And so they were dead bodies on the country they had cops watch a they had everything up there.
Angelina Calbert: So that's just how she is. Do you know what I mean. So I don't know if she just does that just to do it or but he hit home with me and but I you know honestly to see my mom is sick to seem like her mom sick, you know, if
Angelina Calbert: I feel real bad for folks. I did just leave him, but it's just it's weird because I can talk to you.
Angelina Calbert: And I can talk to people, but I can't communicate with Paul and I don't know why. And that's always been our problem. I'll sit down and say nothing, and then I'll blow up in a week and just go off on him for a reason, like just stuff that build the
Angelina Calbert: But we're talking like just talking now.
Angelina Calbert: You know I told them I work two jobs. I'll even work at Smith. You know what I mean, I get off at two, I can work at Smith from four to summit and I I don't mind that. As long as I'm keeping busy.
Angelina Calbert: You know, I'm okay. Like, now I've just been a last six months. Like last three weeks I was in bed practically just depressed, you kinda you know the depression but with nothing to do. And now I'm getting out and doing stuff. So I think my body's just kind of freaking out a little bit.
Angelina Calbert: My back is just done. But the doctors calling in some approximate
Angelina Calbert: Because I never knew I could take those with my blood thinners because they said you couldn't
Angelina Calbert: They were absolutely not. And she's like, know what you need to do. Like, I can take it a week and then not a week or I can take it a couple days. A couple days just whatever I'm more comfortable if so
Angelina Calbert: He's real good. I was happy about that because the Gabba pitons just aren't working right now because I had been offering them for so long. Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Something else to consider believe they're starting or they already started a chronic pain group. We weren't part help
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: If they. Is that something that you would want to explore to
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Get time to check in the virtual clinic and see that could get that going.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: For you because we have lots of patients that are on the Suboxone to avoid a relapse with opioids and then
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: They also have these chronic illnesses that are so devastating that it's like the only the only lifeline. Seems like Suboxone they don't have a primary physician to come to treat the pain so
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I'm not sure where they are.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So I guess.
Angelina Calbert: Yeah, when I
Angelina Calbert: First started Dr. Alan line said that they weren't doing it like that he had to get back to me because he's like, I don't know because I've been off the narcotics for so long. But don't get me wrong when I was in rehab.
Angelina Calbert: For a year after the hour, I was able to blend get my shot from the cravings. I was taking a shot every month. And it was for the craving.
Angelina Calbert: And just to get your mind kind of set and it was why I liked it and and now I feel cravings. Before I never did for a whole year after I got to rehab. I just started feeling cravings again.
Angelina Calbert: So now, like I'm in so much pain. Yeah, I want you know the Suboxone aren't really covering my back pain. That's what I'm having a hard time with. Now it's covering all my other pain, but just not my chronic back pain, and I've had that forever, and I just don't know.
Angelina Calbert: And it's hard because I especially when I'm hurt or feeling lonely. That's the main time. I just want to say, see ya. And it's sad because lately and I don't know if it's just a stress, but
Angelina Calbert: Lately I've been kind of getting the craving, but I haven't just that since I started like the work since last Friday, I think I've really started kind of getting the craving and and and it's hard because even now that I'm smoking the because I still do the medical marijuana
Angelina Calbert: That doesn't even kick my back. It doesn't even have it how strike up 530 minutes at the most. If that and it just goes away. I think it's a waste. Yeah.
Angelina Calbert: So I don't know, but I'm now that I'm on my feet again all day my lower back is just done. So yeah, I would like that. I would really enjoy that, I think, and see what we can do at Ask Dr Alzheimer Friday when we do our group.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, about the chronic pain for ones at what days.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Just to get some additional support we have chronic illness. I feel like you need multiple access to different resources to help you.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So boxes release was the individual therapies resource in the chronic pain. They can teach you different more like what the content needs to do something to help alleviate that pain.
Angelina Calbert: I'm glad you said that because I can go here to physical therapy they used to do my back. I forgot about that. They went with them because I have a 10s unit.
Angelina Calbert: But they would go over there and they would soak they would do key and then they would take me and it was awesome. So maybe I'll have my
Angelina Calbert: Referral over there.
Angelina Calbert: Yeah, you haven't noticed before I get out here.
Angelina Calbert: Yeah, I'd get out here. And, and, I believe, and then I get ahead of me. So now that I'm back now that you mentioned that I didn't think about that. I could go over here to I'm a physical therapy, get a referral from my doctor maybe
Angelina Calbert: Because they take me and it helps a lot. And then they put me on the 10s unit, sometimes, but sometimes it's too much for my back hurts more
Angelina Calbert: But um yeah because the narcotic thing I'm trying so hard to stay away because right when I went in there.
Angelina Calbert: They shut me down. And this is the first time nobody has shut me down about it because right when I say I have lupus, they send me somewhere else.
Angelina Calbert: So they didn't shut me down or anything. So I that felt real good. Finally, but yeah, I had asked her about the approximate and stuff so that helped me out a lot. We got that all situated.
Angelina Calbert: So I think that might help a little bit more with the pain.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, explore some other goals because looking when we first started. We're, we're doing now to kind of VHS
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And see where we are with the progress you made. And so whenever someone has addiction. I always wanted to see how they're doing mind, body and soul. So I'm spiritual
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Where are you, do you identify, I think you mentioned that you're Christian and you have plans to attend church were you in that fossils.
Angelina Calbert: And I used to go to church, a lot. I haven't. I'm in. I just I, you know, and it's awful because it's either. It's always an excuse, I guess so, yeah, I don't go to church, but we have we have before.
Angelina Calbert: But it's not like the spiritual is part of my recovery. I guess you could say, you know what I mean like I was going to church. When I was in rehab. Oh, at 90 days straight. I really enjoyed it. Um, it helped me a lot, but it's just now it just
Angelina Calbert: Like they say it takes an hour out of your day, you know,
Angelina Calbert: But I think I'm still trying to find myself.
Angelina Calbert: That I haven't. I just don't know who I am. Again, or I think I just got lost there for a minute. Like not. I just didn't care. You know,
Angelina Calbert: So now I'm just to the point that you know my poor daughter is working just to help us get gas money. You know what I mean. So it's hard. It makes me feel bad, and she doesn't mind.
Angelina Calbert: But it sucks, you know, to have to count on your daughter, she's 16 years old, you know, so it's just hard. But yeah, that that's I have it. But yeah, we have gone to church before, but it's not part of my recovery.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And. And when you say trying to find yourself it's it's a very interesting statement because this process of trying to remain sober filing chronic illness communication challenges with all kind of really understand where you are in this relationship and
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: How will you know that you found yourself.
Angelina Calbert: I don't know. That's what I'm saying. Like I just feel like, you know,
Angelina Calbert: Honestly, I think when I got so hurt. Paul and it does it. And that's it. So sex. My daughter is a senior me. You know, I've always put call first honestly
Angelina Calbert: I've always put him first. And I've never really, I was always in my kids and I now it's just like Michaela tell me, like, what about me, like, I'll start talking about color. So, do you know what I mean it's I've always been so wrapped up that when he hurt me so bad.
Angelina Calbert: At the couple times that I just don't care. Like, I didn't even care about myself. I, I just don't. I don't know how to explain it. It's hard.
Angelina Calbert: I gave up. I just gave up and I don't even know who I am or what I like anymore if it's even me. You know, cooking. I don't even cook anymore. It's just, I don't know, it's just like a lot of it does hit it. Once you know
Angelina Calbert: So, but, yeah, that's that I have a hard time with. It's, it's hard.
Angelina Calbert: Because I don't like I don't know.
Angelina Calbert: I like for example like
Angelina Calbert: If they say, oh, what's your favorite restaurant. I haven't been out to eat. I don't know how many years do you know what I mean, like, I don't even know. You know what I mean, it's like, I just don't know who I am anymore.
Angelina Calbert: Or how to find myself again. You don't. I mean,
Angelina Calbert: And
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I know
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You're in the right direction. If she's a lot of a lot about fatigue and there's so many things going on that you really just putting those pieces together so I'm
Angelina Calbert: Not even to love myself like they say like, I go back to rehab going to get updates a look in the mirror every game to say how pretty. Are you loving, I can't do that. I just can't I just like, I feel so good.
Angelina Calbert: And just feel so low, like I I don't think we've ever been this low ever, and even my mom after what happened. Now she was, you know, she gave me 20 bucks for gas that day that we went in, but she was just like
Angelina Calbert: Trying to involve me in her medical stuff and and I'm there. I'll be there. You know, but there's nothing I can do. You know, so that
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That, I think, a cell phone. No.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You gotta get yeah yourself and the girls you know together.
Angelina Calbert: And then now that I stopped talking to poetry, she started talking to me.
Angelina Calbert: So we went. We went through the night over there. Friday or Thursday nights we didn't have enough gas to come out here because it's like an hour away out here and then go back in. So we're in our about an hour 45 minutes away.
Angelina Calbert: And so we just stayed at her house and it was just like there we were. We just had the kids just went to sleep when we got there, but she does work nights, you know, but it was just
Angelina Calbert: I don't know, I just feel so uncomfortable. I just, you know, I would be sad if Paul told us have to leave because this has always been my home, you know, and I'm comfortable here but
Angelina Calbert: I know we need to do a lot to it. That's why I've been told him he doesn't have to work as long as he can start kind of fixing up the house with the kids, you know,
Angelina Calbert: I'll work two jobs. I don't care. And then it's just weird because he called and said he got a movie role in Albuquerque. So we'll see how that goes. I don't know.
Angelina Calbert: Oh yeah, with something mafia. I don't know. He told Michaela night last night, but
Angelina Calbert: He wasn't really i don't know i just i feel happy like we could be friends, you know, try to work on our friendship. You know what I mean.
Angelina Calbert: I got something like, you know, but I don't even know if that that'll work. I don't know.
Angelina Calbert: If the trust is still there. It's just an I think a lot of it is me with my anger like that. They just leaving them and Albuquerque. I did. I just left him.
Angelina Calbert: Because of the foot out I had just because I he just was wanting to wait till we got home and I flipped. Yeah, and
Angelina Calbert: I think it's just, I'm so used to be. I think he's so hurt his own way with his hatred towards me, but I'm so used to him being the the big giant loving person that he can be, you know, and I he's not. It's just not and it's hard.
Angelina Calbert: We're good for a couple weeks. Like, he told Michaela your mom and I were going three weeks, strong, but the jealousy, To doesn't help because I'm bro. That was there's a lot of jealousy, too. And it's, I know it's not good either.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Wi Fi.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Because of your main goals where you want to find yourself, aside from the impulse. Excellent.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And now it almost is song though, you need to find out what it would be like not being called life. We might even be spraying because you about the friend as a default whenever you guys aren't together.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And at this rate. The what you've been described me. I can't differentiate you guys are together coming together.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Because the behaviors are so similar.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: It's the box. We need to find the distinction because that's where the confusion.
Angelina Calbert: What does this make sense to you.
Angelina Calbert: Because I this, I was so wrong. And when I was in rehab counselor had told me
Angelina Calbert: Not to talk to him for three months. When I was in there. Don't call him nothing but right when I got my phone. Who was the first person I call you know what I mean. And we still thought the whole time I was in there too, but it just, it's
Angelina Calbert: I don't
Angelina Calbert: I don't know. I don't. It's hard, like we've gone without talking to each other right when it seems like I get so strong and I feel so good. Here he comes back. You know what I mean, or
Angelina Calbert: You know, I don't know, and it's hard because I I've been to, like, hit. I really feel about this time and you know I just
Angelina Calbert: I don't know. And I know that he was going to come home. This week, and then we were going to go to take showers and stuff. And he was just like, no, we had to wait so I don't know what he's doing so.
Angelina Calbert: I was ready to go pick him up in Albuquerque and everything that day. You know, so I don't know it's just the hurt still there, but sometimes I hate to hurt his turn and eight.
Angelina Calbert: So, but, yeah, I mean,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But when you Paul almost sounds like an addiction.
Angelina Calbert: That's what, oh, that's my point was you right and they told me he's a trigger for me because of his, his drug use in the past when he's two pills.
Angelina Calbert: And like I told me kill. It's hard because if he's doing something else. It's hard because then I get the craving around Tampa. Does that make sense.
Angelina Calbert: And I get great influence
Angelina Calbert: Well, I couldn't come back to this House for a long time after rehab because it was a trigger. And I get the guy I wouldn't
Angelina Calbert: Doubt that shot with me because I would even get the craving, and when I did do stuff on it. I wouldn't get the high at all, but it would take the pain away. You know what I mean. So I don't know it. I
Angelina Calbert: Don't know. It's hard. It's just hard.
Angelina Calbert: Yes. Whoa.
Angelina Calbert: Whoa, and it wasn't really a relapse. I had told Dr Alamein I had done a pain pill because I was in so much pain and I had done like one or two of them, but I had done it for like three days and then that was it. But he he knew about it.
Angelina Calbert: He just told me not to do it like that. No more. So, and I haven't, I haven't done any so maybe I've done it once.
Angelina Calbert: And it's hard because he would, he was working, and I think that's why, honestly. He's not working.
Angelina Calbert: Because when he was working. He was pulling $600 or more a week in those bills.
Angelina Calbert: And I honestly think that's why he quit the taxicab because he was getting the money and he was blowing it weekly, and he was getting so messed up on those bills, and I think that's why he honestly quit. But now I don't, I don't even know him either, you know,
Angelina Calbert: We both have just changed so much.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: When you, when was your last
Angelina Calbert: It was when I was living with my daughter.
Angelina Calbert: So probably about a month or two ago.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So when we look at that. That is that that
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Was where you and your heart again.
Angelina Calbert: That's only I'd be able to get them miserable. Yeah. Anytime I I have relapse anytime I have relapsed it's always been with him.
Angelina Calbert: Is what
Lisa mentioned
Angelina Calbert: Oh yeah, oh yeah, I had a hard time I felt guilty. Sometimes when I come around him like a bigger weight on my chest because it's so hard.
Angelina Calbert: I can say no. But then soon as I'd say no. He's like, Fine, you know, girl, her with me but
Angelina Calbert: It's kind of like it's hard because I don't know if that shot is still just wearing off to now where I'm getting the cravings now because I did it.
Angelina Calbert: 2016 I was in rehab and 2017 through 18 I think I got my shot and then I just didn't have the gas to go up there and get it anymore. So that's the only reason I wasn't getting her I'd still be going to get it.
All
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Your supplies or any of the goal. Your goal is to get better and to get healthy
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But Paul wrinkles later on your chance of winning. He
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: He wants to be financially stable, but you have to intern support Paul can support me
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: He wants to be something aside from being on its way. But you're there's no discussion of what that means. And then you want to be inspired want to identify your hobbies and your son, but each Ranger inspiration, because then the focus comes from you back to him.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: He didn't do it in a session and we're talking about you. The next X number even notice it when I asked about your relapse. You started talking about Paul needs to be not
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: It's so easy for you to be flat out
Angelina Calbert: Yeah.
Angelina Calbert: Yes, I didn't notice that seeing. But yeah, he is a big trigger for me at times there's times that we're fine. Like when
Angelina Calbert: We're clean or whatever it were great together and but not really. Because I don't communicate with him. You know what I mean.
Angelina Calbert: So the communication is always been city. And I don't know why I shut down with him, like I can talk to you find I could talk to my kids, but I can't talk to him and I don't know why.
Angelina Calbert: And it's hard.
Angelina Calbert: And everybody's like, Well, just try to be friends. And it's like, I don't know.
Angelina Calbert: So, but, yeah, he is a big trigger for me and I've known I've known that
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Sugar describe the distraction in addiction free
Right.
Angelina Calbert: Yeah, and it is and I it's been it's been like that I had
Angelina Calbert: I had my daughter's
Angelina Calbert: My Patricia. My oldest when she let me have the baby. I was so excited and I sorry I have to plug my phone and
Angelina Calbert: I was so excited that I got to even keep her. But then once I kept her. She didn't want to go home and I felt so bad, you know, because I just I enjoy my time with them. I really do. You know,
Angelina Calbert: So it's hard when
Angelina Calbert: When I don't get to see her, but
Angelina Calbert: You know, I'm kind of happy now that I finally got a job. I still can't believe I really got it. Do you know what I mean.
Angelina Calbert: I still can't believe I got it. But we'll see how it goes. I have
Angelina Calbert: I've got
Angelina Calbert: What do you call it.
Angelina Calbert: Not even two weeks of training at work.
Angelina Calbert: I have i did i they're going to throw me in there before that at work. So that's kind of making me a little nervous too stressful.
Angelina Calbert: And I'm proud, though, you know, at least I'm getting it. Yeah. You know what I mean, at least I'm getting it and and i'm not struggling with it. There's some things that I bet it's only my second day, really, you know, so we'll see how it goes. It's just been a little
Angelina Calbert: I don't know what it feels like, I don't know, it's not relieving anxiety. It's more of
Angelina Calbert: Almost like a scared feeling. I don't
Angelina Calbert: So I don't know. We'll see how it goes.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The anticipation in the capital because
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: When people are in positions where nothing has worked multiple for a long time when things start from the gut and in virtually the same time you don't do it you know purposely
Angelina Calbert: But
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: It almost becomes comfortable to be no tonight expect much
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But with that progress comes expectation and so that expectation and near me.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Just let me
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Right so inviting is something
Angelina Calbert: I get, like, yeah, it's like a scary feeling, but I feel like I feel good about it. Like I was so happy as I had the best day ever. Yesterday I was so doing so good into my toilet. My the phone call in the toilet.
Angelina Calbert: And I freaked and I haven't had an anger issue in a long time. So then my alarm didn't go off and the kids woke me up at 540 I supposed to be there at 530
Angelina Calbert: So I was freaking out screaming, yelling and crying and my daughters like please mom. It's okay. And I didn't have the number because it wasn't my phone.
Angelina Calbert: It was just, and I took it out on everybody. And I was just like, getting them. They're like, don't worry. Just don't let it happen again. And I'm like, I didn't mean to, you know, I don't even have your phone. I was just stressful. So, I mean,
Angelina Calbert: I don't know.
Angelina Calbert: It. I just, I don't know, I just kind of when I get like this. I do miss Pablo. And I do you know what I mean, like, it's hard because
Angelina Calbert: He's pretty much all I've ever known, you know, and I don't like it. Sometimes I wish I could just like I wanted to move to Roswell at Christmas and did leave so that leaves its
Angelina Calbert: I'm away. You know what I mean. And we're away from each other. Because if we're away from each other. Okay, you know,
Angelina Calbert: But like you said, we still have a 16 year old together, you know,
Angelina Calbert: But also, she she wants it.
Angelina Calbert: Right, cell phone.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: At this point. Any reason, the only communicate, you can communicate with our she can call him.
Angelina Calbert: Yet my daughter's one
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You don't have to be involved.
Angelina Calbert: Right, yeah. Exactly. And that's, you know,
Angelina Calbert: That's I think sometimes
Angelina Calbert: You know,
Angelina Calbert: I miss it, but I don't know if it's just I miss him. When I'm down. Do you know what I'm saying. Because what I'm doing good. I'm okay. It's just when I get down and
Angelina Calbert: Things are going wrong or something's not going right. It's like I always turn to him. You know what I mean. So I think that's just what it is. A lot of it, you know.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Once it, how would you one being, you know, lowest and 10 being the highest. How would you rate your relationship with all your
Angelina Calbert: Oh, maybe like a two right maybe I want to write
Angelina Calbert: Because we I mean we're talking. That's all we're doing right now is just talking because, like, the reason we had a call because I
Angelina Calbert: The electricity got shut off on Monday and and so I. That's the day I had to go take all my paperwork to work and I was getting ready and I everything went off. That's how we get our he is electricity. So
Angelina Calbert: We're sitting there and I had to call him because like he didn't have me on the account, but I had went and applied for law he they made this month for my mind electricity.
Angelina Calbert: And I had to call it. That's why we started talking to get. And that's only reason we started talking again is because of electricity.
Angelina Calbert: And then we started talking and he calls me every day, or he'll text me or I'll text him or, you know, it's just
Angelina Calbert: Like a friend thing, I guess. Now, I don't even know what to call it, we're just keeping in touch, I guess.
Angelina Calbert: So yeah, that's pretty much. But yeah, we're not. I see it like that right now. No, it's a lot of it's just because
Angelina Calbert: I know I've heard him too. And I, and I true like he says, just because he's a big guy he is. He has feelings too and I can be very mean.
Angelina Calbert: I could. That's why I was in rehab for 90 days I can be very mean and aggressive and instead of talking or trying to talk it out. I would fight I would, I would just anger.
Angelina Calbert: And I feel that coming back. I did that for the first time this morning. I haven't done it month and it just kind of scared me a little bit.
Angelina Calbert: You know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: using that same way skill scale one to 10
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: How ready are you to identify yourself. Aside from being taught like work right.
Angelina Calbert: I can be afraid I'm okay with that.
Angelina Calbert: And it's this is what's so strange. Now, because before in the past like we would do this I go on and
Angelina Calbert: And I would just be okay with it and I wouldn't talk to him for like
Angelina Calbert: A couple weeks or something. I would be all right with that night start feeling like the relief and everything and then all sudden we start talking again and it looks like
Angelina Calbert: We're good for three days or so and then it just goes off the ship, because everything comes back up with a hurt pain. You know what I mean, it's good. We go in. Good.
Angelina Calbert: And then all of a sudden like two or three days. It's no good. And we were doing good. We were good for like three weeks and then I just
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Called home is your addiction in the high. It's not what you said about the marijuana use the marijuana for the pain, but it's only been
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Live for about 30 minutes
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And right and left wondering, one way to try to begin with. So
Angelina Calbert: Right.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And Paul you chase whatever it is that you're looking for on him a connection, you get it. And then in about two days it's gone.
Angelina Calbert: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And I wonder if it's even two days. So like on that second day you're holding on, just because of the relationship in itself, but that that high on the expires within the day
Angelina Calbert: Yeah, like we like, I don't know, like, even when we were leaving here that day I was just worried. Just the tension. I don't like it, and
Angelina Calbert: We got to town. And once we got where we were cooking and we were over there and we were doing things were okay and I thought were, you know, we still have tension between us and it just
Angelina Calbert: And he can't let go of something from what I did like three years ago, thinking I could see for somebody to get over him and think I could go on. And at the heart would go away and I can just go on.
Angelina Calbert: And it's the person. I didn't know it was the drug dealer son that Paul is doing when I didn't know that it was just a smaller back coincidence and everything. He can't let that go. He can't let it go at all.
Angelina Calbert: But then again, when I had Michaela she was an infant. He was with some other girl and have my other daughter, Trisha around her and I was living in this House, and he would still come home and get in bed with me. You know what I mean.
Angelina Calbert: And it's just that stuff so hurts it that's what scares me out here, cuz I know I'm going to run into those people because it's such a small town and it's hard for me. I think that's what's really where I
Angelina Calbert: hesitant because I I could have been working last week, probably, but I was hesitant to even work because of the people I see
Angelina Calbert: It's a gas station. So of course I'm see everybody. Do you know what I mean, it just so that's the problem I have
Angelina Calbert: One.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Thing. If you were thinking back and this was Michaela that was in this situation.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What advice would you give
Angelina Calbert: I've always told my girls.
Angelina Calbert: Always look out for yourself. Make sure you have everything and see cuz I never practice what I preach
Angelina Calbert: But I always tell them you know you you need to be on your own. You need to do for you. Make sure you have your own separate account. Make sure you have everything Mikael is more of a tight like helps me say, Do you know what I mean.
Angelina Calbert: But I would let her know, You know I've always told my girls that you know you you do for you, you make sure that you're always steady and stable by yourself. Don't ever count on nobody else. You know what I mean.
Angelina Calbert: Whatever you do, just don't count on anybody. And then to see us going through all this and I hate from Canada have to go through this, you know,
Angelina Calbert: It's hard if I think I just got to be the adult suck it up and go you know and and I will
Angelina Calbert: But it's just I don't think this is fair for her at all. But she's okay she's okay you know but yeah I've given both my girls that advice and
Angelina Calbert: And
Angelina Calbert: Never have to count on anybody else.
Angelina Calbert: Don't ever count on anybody else. And it's sad because I tell her that in here. Look at me down and out, you know,
Angelina Calbert: It's just been a rough year period.
Angelina Calbert: You know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Towel.
Angelina Calbert: Director, what
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: People, as though you're counting on Paul in some ways.
Angelina Calbert: No, not now. I think for his support like I do miss him here.
Angelina Calbert: Because I am a procrastinator. And I'll wait till the last minute to do it and he
Angelina Calbert: pushes me and that's sometimes when we get in a fight to. I'm like, Well, you could ever go do it. You know, just, I've just been really on edge. And I know I've been offline. That's for like two, three weeks now. You know what I mean.
Angelina Calbert: All of them. My segments everything. So maybe if I just get back on them now and and get study, again, you know, maybe, you know, I don't know what's gonna happen. You know, maybe I can talk better
Angelina Calbert: Because that's the worst problem I have, but I can talk to you. Okay. Am I guess, but I can't communicate with, like, I can't talk to my mom's gun and like have a conversation conversation with her. I don't know why. And I feel like that was Paul and I used to feel like
Angelina Calbert: When we would go somewhere and I don't know why this has always been me. But like if I go somewhere and I'm running late and I can't get ahold of her some
Angelina Calbert: I feel like I'm doing something wrong. You know what I mean like I feel like I'm doing something so wrong and I get so
Angelina Calbert: Frustrated and flustered. And it's and I'm not doing anything. And he's not he doesn't care. But I feel like that. Do you know what I mean. So are there sometimes I'll say something, he's like you just don't know me. And I'm like, I guess I don't you know because
Angelina Calbert: We both have changed. I guess you know
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Was what I was thinking when you said your mom and Paul that you can talk to me and talk to you, daughters, but with your mom and pop. And I remember when we first started we talked about on your mom will not believe your, your truth.
Angelina Calbert: Right.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: He would tell her your interpretation of things. And she wouldn't believe you. And then there's Paul with his lack of forgiveness for past things. And so those to represent a lot of attachments from your past and lack of forgiveness because your mom.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Not believing your truth and then growing up with
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Am I wrong just really second guessing yourself.
Angelina Calbert: And then do that a lot.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Relationship. Yeah, being in a relationship to where it's very quickly second guess yourself. I'm not, it comes to Paul, you know, want to be within inches. But then just friends you worried about a piece dating or the girls and you know I don't worry about my friend.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But that's why I think that title friends you feel as though it's a protection for you and that you're doing the right thing.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But you really need to make the distinction is it what you feel comfortable in his in his room. What is that distinction you haven't made any distinctions, you know,
Angelina Calbert: I wouldn't even know right now that's just
Angelina Calbert: Say for example, like it.
Angelina Calbert: Yeah I don't I don't I haven't. I just, I don't know. He's just
Angelina Calbert: It's just hard. I don't know how to explain it.
Angelina Calbert: I
Angelina Calbert: Well, I feel
Angelina Calbert: I feel that emotional
Detachment
Angelina Calbert: I think that has a lot. Yeah, you're correct. And I think that um
Angelina Calbert: I think when he's left and this is awful because I always tell him like he's paying me back, but I left him there. And it's kind of like I feel like when he's left me here.
Angelina Calbert: He was like I feels like when you and your because he started crying to Michaela. He's like, it's like your mom left me here when you guys left me out there before and
Angelina Calbert: But I just, I don't know why I run. I don't know why I've done that and I'm doing it more and more and more and more often.
Angelina Calbert: And it started when I was lying to Michaela after the car accident.
Angelina Calbert: Paul and I started talking and I started lying to Michaela and my mom was lying to everybody.
Angelina Calbert: And I was so hurt for doing that, that I had so much anger and aggression that Paul went to give me a kiss. He's like, ooh, gross, it caused the biggest fight ever I left, I went to have to Michaela told her everything when
Angelina Calbert: We went and talked and everything. I went back
Angelina Calbert: And we were fighting. So I got all my stuff and left to my mom.
Angelina Calbert: So I don't know it's just one of those
Angelina Calbert: You know things. I just don't know what to do.
Angelina Calbert: But I think that
Angelina Calbert: I just want to find myself again and and be strong. I used to be so strong, like strong like nothing you know could really get to me.
Angelina Calbert: Unless it had to do with my family or kids or anything, but just the way I look what i where i just i just not comfortable anymore. It's just like, I don't know what to do, you know,
Angelina Calbert: But yeah, that's that was one of the hard times I have is the letting go. But then I like the abandoned feeling, you know,
Angelina Calbert: And then for McCain was like, Oh, mom, what about me. You guys should be more worried about me what I feel. And suddenly I even forget something she's still 16 because she's always been by my side and round, everybody. And, you know, so that's that was one of the real hard part
Angelina Calbert: So, yeah.
Angelina Calbert: But other than that, I
Angelina Calbert: I have been putting her first. I just feel bad, like I said, she'll be here working and I'm having to take our money from her, you know,
Angelina Calbert: But like you said, and and she wouldn't do it if she didn't want to. You know what I'm saying. So
Angelina Calbert: I think it'll be I think that I just got, I guess, gotta get my phone fixed now that's one of my goals is to give my phone books and then just say concentrating at work right now until I can get my check in and feel a little bit more at ease. You know what I mean. So no additional
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: goals that you want to your treatment plan with, you know, getting this job is being stable in your job.
Anything else short term, long term goals.
Angelina Calbert: I just, I just want to get comfortable and be where we're steady and at least we have a little bit of income at to sit, not be so under i i don't think
Angelina Calbert: I mean, I have never been like this and it just, it hurts, because it's kind of like I'm to have too much pride to ask for anything, but I have
Angelina Calbert: Gone to like the bezel store, whatever. But it's like, I'll go do that stuff, but to ask like my moms like when I do ask. I've always gone full know for my mom. So I think that's why I do not ask for help. Do you know what I'm saying.
Angelina Calbert: And it sucks because I don't know what else to do. You know what I mean.
Angelina Calbert: I'm just going to try to stay above flow and and you know just go from there and see what happens. I just say
Angelina Calbert: I've been doing better to at this taking it day by day living here in the moment, because if I start talking about tomorrow, Friday.
Angelina Calbert: I get so flustered. And so like dark juggle like it really and I used to be on Adderall. And I'm wondering if I don't want to really get back on it, but that did help me concentrate
Angelina Calbert: But I was also going to call
Angelina Calbert: The rehab place. I was gonna see what that shot is because if they still have it. I still might get back on it.
Angelina Calbert: Because it did help. I didn't get cravings. I wasn't getting any it would take my, you know, it was, it was good. I was doing okay on it and it lasted a good year after that and then now it's for all cash and explore your options and see what's best for you.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The safety. Did you have two jobs, you're going to be at the nursing facility where the gas station.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: We went to the nursing facility knew that it wouldn't be right for you wouldn't be a good fit you chose not to. But you still have another option. So you're in the research phase of finding out what all your options are and you are in a position of empowerment to choose.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Know, so happy and all that you were able to find a primary care physician and then you have those options. You can go to addition support groups.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Through their program, you know, you can access it physical therapy for or you can see about our chronic pain.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But you know if they have it there where you can physically gold, by all means go because social innovation and keeping yourself busy is very key and helping you find yourself.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The more you're around other people and you can see how you respond and these different environment, you get a more glimpse into who you are.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What you like what you don't like and the things that you realize out like this. Then once you have that awareness of what you don't like, then you can change it.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But if you're not around other people you don't give yourself that opportunity. You don't have that time to reflect in different environments. So, identify what you might know
Angelina Calbert: Right.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: When you only lose focus on what you don't like. And so that's probably why it's so hard for you to be away from home because there's also isolation to
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Very network.
Angelina Calbert: Novels Yeah, depending
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: On you. Your daughter was dependent on the oldest daughter young star depends on you, your mom is not dependent on you in some aspects and power very dependent on me.
Angelina Calbert: And I like that like I used to be the head of the house sites to run a race due to the banking account. I used to do all of that.
Angelina Calbert: And it just all went to shit and it was because of the drug use and and stuff and the fighting and stuff, you know, when we're not when he's sober and we both are great, you know, but that's why I then I assume a lot and I talked for him and he can stand. And I do that a lot.
Angelina Calbert: And now it's like I just don't even want to fight like even when he gets tension. I just don't even want to deal with the problem. Nothing, I just want to sit down. I don't even want to talk about it. Nothing. And I know that's wrong.
Angelina Calbert: But I just wanted to get over with and Akiva says everybody has their palms. Yeah, but not like
Angelina Calbert: You know, just to frickin argue. You know what I mean, it just bugs me. And I, and I know I'm not perfect. I have a lot of anger issues and
Angelina Calbert: And I have a lead he upon those my past like he understands what I went through to you know what I mean.
Angelina Calbert: And so that's why I was even telling them to either work and sit here at home. And so I was, I had offered him.
Angelina Calbert: But he didn't have to work or I don't mind it. Let him rest for a little bit. He's been doing it all these years. I don't mind taking over for a minute. You know, I really don't. But we'll see how it goes. We have, you know,
Angelina Calbert: I don't know what's gonna happen. We'll see.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Who you're also under concept financially struggling so if he's in a position that you can contribute financially.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: As the father in law.
Angelina Calbert: Well, and that's the thing, like he was like, that's why I jumped on it last time, as you said you were going to help somebody, and he came home, the last time.
Angelina Calbert: That he had the phone bills paid and everything. So now it's kind of like
Angelina Calbert: He's gonna have to pay half that phone bill because McKenna can't pay it all and I don't get paid. And I don't even have my phone because after the phone. I don't know what I'm gonna do that. It just like one thing after another. Yeah. So yeah, it's been very stressful. But yeah, I want
Angelina Calbert: This by myself.
Angelina Calbert: And not have it because it scares me when I come here, I get like this. That's when I get scared that I going to use, you know,
Angelina Calbert: And it's hard now because I'm around people in public. You know what I mean.
Angelina Calbert: Well, my, that's our
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But yeah, we got my advice for that is to stay busy. You have work, you have an opportunity to go through this new program, go to the group's give as much social connection that you can possibly
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You know what people to hire like minded goals during that group. The hope is that they want to be sober, too. So right you are allowing yourself to be in that
Angelina Calbert: You know I
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Have a spiritual connection. If you can't make it physically to a church. Listen to videos.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: watch videos.
Angelina Calbert: It was
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Nice to have anyone on. Yeah.
Angelina Calbert: Doctor my doctor gave me my pain special doctor gave me one that was like a meditation. When kinda
Angelina Calbert: I just listened to in the car, you know, just to relax me when I was feeling uptight like that because I used to have high blood pressure from hypertension. I don't even have it anymore. I don't know why.
Angelina Calbert: But I used to have high, high blood pressure from it, and from the pain in my back. So he would tell me, just to put that on and just kind of lay down and relax and he told me to go visit horses is a good thing.
Angelina Calbert: So, you know, I might do that. A friend of mine has one, and she writes, so I don't know, I might go over there and just see because he says, Just go get my horse and Apple and it'll be your best friend forever and
Angelina Calbert: They really take the stress away. So we'll see how that works. But yeah, I have, I have a lot of stuff to to go through and get by, but I know I can do it. I didn't know I'm it's just sometimes getting there to do it.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I mean became to me. So just remember putting yourself first, because that whole sequence.
Angelina Calbert: Yeah, and that's always been hard that was always hard when
Angelina Calbert: Especially I've never had that I've always put Paul before anybody even before myself anything. So that's the hard part that's going to be have to break because
Angelina Calbert: Like I told you, like, even the example on the way home that night. She goes, You guys are fighting. But what about me. What do I stand in this kind of thing and that hit home with me. So I hear her but
Angelina Calbert: I don't listen. Sometimes I guess so. And that's the heart because I somebody will be trying. I'm really getting better at this again too cuz I have so much on my mind.
Angelina Calbert: Like I'll just be thinking of something and somebody having a conversation. I'll just start going off of like interrupting and everything, because I'm thinking of something in my head, but
Angelina Calbert: So I don't forget. And I go, interrupt everybody's I'm really trying not to do that anymore like work on
Angelina Calbert: But yeah cuz I'll forget right away and it's just one of those things that now that I have so much going on. I have a notebook. I'm going to start writing things down. Try to anyway because i i'm just missing everything
Angelina Calbert: So,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah Right direction lit up the Alamo that you came tonight.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Throughout the week. I don't want to overwhelm you with even more stuff, but I know last week we talked about building the communication.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So you were going to work on having more intentional conversations with Michaela asking questions more about our day. You know what's going on with her, but I want to shift the focus to you.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So for this week. I want you to think about each each day at the top of your day to think about what ways you put yourself first.
Angelina Calbert: Okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And it could be something small. It doesn't have to be anything big, you know, it can be. I'm going to take a longer hot shower this or, you know, I'm going to wake up earlier to have a cup of coffee, just something that brings you a little more joy you will, a little more communists up
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And at the beginning of the day because then you have that date, figure out when you can do it not at the end of the day.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Right, you make excuses.
Angelina Calbert: I do bad
Angelina Calbert: My bad procrastinator and
Angelina Calbert: And being late. I'm not. I hate being late and like this morning. I just do my whole day off. And I just felt like that pressure in that
Angelina Calbert: Society, a little bit. And then, you know, even though they're telling me, Don't worry about it. I still feel like horrible. And I just, I just can't do that. I got an almost had a nervous breakdown. It felt like, but
Angelina Calbert: But when I start feeling like that. Yeah, I, I've been feeling the urge to to use and it's scary because it's just not how do I say it, it just scares me because I feel like I'm getting week I guess the word is use. Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Oh yeah, you feel like you were up here and now you know for yourself being depleted.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And the way that you
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Get that and you connect that to yourself. You have to recharge when something's about to die in the bathroom. What you do you look for the charger and you plug it into the charge right
Angelina Calbert: Right, so
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: How do you recharge your batteries.
Angelina Calbert: Recharge yeah
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: It'd be there. So it could be doing the hobbies, do a makeup that she talked about it can be
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Doing something to you.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Listen to that meditation journaling, whatever it takes. And for you. It's going to look different because right now there's a financial struggle so you may not be able to go shopping and do all the things that you want right now. But right now, you have opportunity to invest in your emotional
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Does not give you the material stuff.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You can you get exercise, you said you wanted to get fit, healthy, do some exercise.
Angelina Calbert: Yeah, I will. I love to walk and it's getting warmer and it when it does get warmer. I'm just gonna walk to work because it's so nice. I just, it's just right here. So, but yeah I yeah I'm happy I got the job. I just, I'm still kind of
Angelina Calbert: I've never done something like this. It's like 2014 way back in the day. So it's just different. But it's coming to me and it's, it's, you know, we don't scan stuff with, you know, all prices by heart. So that's hard.
Angelina Calbert: Oh yeah there. It's good. And I'm happy. There I am. It's I've kind of done wiping but I think right now. I'm good.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So, take care, you know,
Angelina Calbert: Be good to yourself and
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Next week,
Angelina Calbert: Yes. Great.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Already let the Alamo.
Angelina Calbert: What is the date on that one of
Angelina Calbert: The day. What's the date. Sorry. No, it's okay. You don't have it. Very good. Okay, I can get
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Know I'm looking at my calendar. So today is the 29th. The next time we will meet is that boy.
Angelina Calbert: Okay. Sounds good, right.
Angelina Calbert: Even. All right, bye. Thank you.
Bye.
Bye bye.